OSDOCS-11792#adding new parameter (#88049)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

Optional installation configuration parameters are described in the following table:

.Optional parameters

> [cols=".^22,.^3a,.^3a",options="header"]

Reviewer: This was an `l`, not a `1` - it's providing the "literal" format operator to values in this column ([more info](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/tables/format-column-content/)).
```suggestion
[cols=".^2l,.^3a,.^3a",options="header"]
```

|The password for the Prism Central user name.
|String

|platform:
  nutanix:

>     prismCentral:

Reviewer 2: `prismCentral:` line should be removed, preloadedOSImageName should not be under prismCentral field
```
platform:
  nutanix:
    preloadedOSImageName:
```
pls see details with command:
#  ./openshift-install explain installconfig.platform.nutanix

Reviewer 2: Others look good to me, thanks.

>     prismCentral:
>       preloadedOSImageName:

Reviewer: From the dev PR, it looks like `prismCentral` and `preloadedOSImageName` are nested at the same depth, so likely it is:
```suggestion
    preloadedOSImageName:
```

based on these lines in the dev PR:
```
                  preloadedOSImageName:
                    description: PreloadedOSImageName uses the named preloaded RHCOS
                      image from PC/PE, instead of create and upload a new image for
                      each cluster.
                    type: string
                  prismCentral:
                    description: PrismCentral is the endpoint (address and port) and
                      credentials to connect to the Prism Central. This serves as
                      the default Prism-Central.
```

> |Instead of creating and uploading a new {op-system} image object for each {product-title} cluster, this parameter uses the named, preloaded {op-system} image object from the private cloud or the public cloud.

Reviewer: tiny nit while I'm here - "creating" implies "new" so you can omit that description :)
```suggestion
|Instead of creating and uploading an {op-system} image object for each {product-title} cluster, this parameter uses the named, preloaded {op-system} image object from the private cloud or the public cloud.
```
